What is Medallion Architecture?
Based on your project documentation, Medallion Architecture is a data design 
pattern used to logically organize data in a lakehouse (like S3 or Databricks). 
It organizes data into three distinct layers to ensure quality, reliability, 
and scalability.

Here is a breakdown of the three layers:

1. Bronze Layer (Raw Data)

The Bronze layer is the landing zone where data is 
stored in its original, raw format directly from the source.
Purpose: To provide a "Source of Truth" for auditing and data recovery.

Key Action: No transformations or cleaning are performed here.

Analogy: The raw ingredients in your pantry.

2. Silver Layer (Cleaned & Standardized)

The Silver layer represents data that has been cleaned, filtered, and standardized.
Purpose: To provide a reliable source for ad-hoc analysis and data science.

Key Actions: * Removing duplicates and null values.

Standardizing date/time formats and column names.
Joining different data sources together.

Analogy: The ingredients are washed, chopped, and prepared for cooking.

3. Gold Layer (Business-Ready/Analytics)

The Gold layer contains highly refined and aggregated data formatted for 
specific business use cases.
Purpose: To power BI dashboards, executive reporting, and production-level analytics.

Key Actions: * Creating "Star Schema" models (Fact and Dimension tables).

Calculating KPIs (e.g., total revenue, monthly active users).
Optimizing for fast query performance.

Analogy: A plated, finished meal ready to be served.

Why is this important for your Data Engineering project?
Using this architecture allows you to:

Reprocess Data: If your cleaning logic changes, you can simply re-run the 
pipeline from the Bronze layer.

Debug Easily: If a report in the Gold layer looks wrong, you can trace the 
data back through Silver to see where the error occurred.

Improve Reliability: It ensures that stakeholders only see the highest 
quality data (Gold), while the messy work happens behind the scenes.


docker compose down -v
docker compose run airflow-webserver airflow db migrate
docker compose run airflow-webserver airflow users create --username admin 
--firstname admin --lastname user --role Admin --email admin@example.com 
--password admin
docker compose up
